signals that means when now my
player
I'm going to press we have three
Signals worked out is yellow here
our line now gives it the first one
possibility of domestic defense
Incidentally, right now concerns only the
both strikers 9 and 11 of the
inside linebacker fits to the other
defender forward to the zone
rows mean I'm in the zone in there
Opponents in the zone were immediately press
the second situation of
defender fits
defender and the triple me in
The zone pure means to apply pressure immediately
pressing or the third situation the
we worked out he is playing
the defender behind the first
contact to the zone with and thanks vector
simply put pressure on the players
as soon as there is one in this zone
yes in the fire
this includes all three points we
here are 30 trigger signals for 78
that means for the outer school students
needs is reading a book
let's say we click no matter if that
defender now out
in the course of the opponent plays or after
in the back we want to play ours
midfielder on both sides immediately
give pressure exception he is possible 45
meter behind it
and he can relax the ball
take your name remain in the
pressing zone in and and leave that there
easy back example to simply force
to save
and now a little excursus of the extreme
important for the position is eight here
and indeed I notice about
various video analysis that is for
most players only one fix point
in the defensive there and indeed
distinguishes between one
horizontal fixpoints a vertical
fix
the goal of the defender he
want to follow if a bottle
This is either on the flat
striker plays or defends outside
or obviously
field player so now only he has the
task to say okay i want that
Pass so tight that you are not there
plays through but at the same time
task if he also full-back
play that can start
they could have the tactics then
one thus better understand the
all okay we take the position eight
now here's defender